---
author: Lemiffe
comments: false
date: 2010-03-28 18:36:12+00:00
layout: post
link: https://www.lemiffe.com/simcity3000/
slug: simcity3000
title: simcity3000
wordpress_id: 929
categories:
    - Literature
tags:
    - '1984'
    - brave new world
    - farenheit
    - future
    - lemiffe
    - short story
    - simcity3000
---

_simcity3000_

Sonny,

How have you been? I hope you are feeling alright. I know things have been tough for you, but try to hold on. I've been remembering things lately, like your mother for example.

I also remember back then the goverment would treat us like dogs. They would tread on us. I knew how it was, not because of my age, but because of the stories I had read. Knowledge was banned, except for the knowledge that came built into us.

I had my chip removed a while back and since then I had ceased to remember most of the pertaining things of history. It cost me great effort to evolve a mind of my own again, and then to start piecing the bits and bobs of my memory back together again.

So, Gregory told me the other day that he was falling apart. It seems we are all falling apart nowadays. I haven't been able to find a new book to read in years, and Gregory is feeling more depressed every day with the news. He really hates when the chemical injections start to kick in when he's feeling down. It's really annoying, you start feeling bad and the chip injects you, you're feeling too good and it injects you again, you're feeling like a rebel and it injects you, you're feeling unusual and it injects you. Gregory was on the verge of killing himself yesterday but the chip altered his mood yet again, stopping him from committing such action. Not that I would care that much anyway, I mean, he is my best friend but he no longer thinks by himself.

It is ridiculously dangerous to even attempt removing the chip as when it is removed it sends out a GPS alert immediately. I had to cut my arm off, throw the whole thing in a bin several kilometres away, and run like mad. Even so, I've been hiding for several years now, I'm surely being searched for, you know, my arm had my DNA and stuff. It's obvious they are looking for me. Not that they need to really _look_ anyway, they've just got these readers everywhere.

I once read up on these 'license plate' readers they installed back at the start of the previous millennium. That was only the beginning of many changes to come. Nowadays everything seems peaceful, there are no wars, there is no crime, and the world is at peace, at the cost of the freedom of millions of people.

I wish I could go back to the old world. I mean, it's great not seeing murder, death, suicide and violence on the TV every day. It's great not fearing getting knifed outside your apartment in London. It's great not losing loved ones to wars like the great Iran war in 2015, or the 3rd or 4th world war. It's great not having to worry about the news, about the weather, about car accidents. But then again, that randomness in life was what made it particularly interesting. Now they care for everything for us, I mean, for those who have the chips. The weather is always standard, the population numbers are always the same, the amount of energy input/output is always the same, the distribution of people across planets is equivalent, it's all bloody perfect in the end.

I wish I could get a drink of whiskey, you know, one of those Glen... Glen... oh god, I forgot the name years ago, never-mind. Maybe a Chivas would do the trick, if there only was any.

So Gregory said he'll be stopping by today to bring me a little "fresh" milk and cheese. I better be going now son, I hope you are having a great time, don't try to find me (not that you'd be able to leave you're place with that intention anyway), and think not of me as a prisoner, but a free man. I hope this letter gets to you and overpowers the will imposed on you by the machine. I hope one day you acquire the power to liberate yourself. Until then, take care.

_Regards_,

_**David Paterson**_
